how about friends how are mexican here
I hope you are very well because
you know the video that I bring you is a video
tutorial hoping you like it this time
the video that I bring to you is how we can
multiply emerald diamond or
any other block of ore here in
what is being minecraft for xbox
360 that is also compatible with xbox
one playstation 3 and playstation 4
It should be noted that we are on TV 19 he
seen people who try to cheat
your subs but here is the evidence of
that we are on TV 19 because I already
comes out what is being the armors
for iron horse and also here
we have a chest containing a disk of
cat music and also an armor for
golden horse so let's explain
what are the ingredients or objects
we need the first and most
important is a portal to the underworld
they are normal tracks of rails
we're going to need a car with a chest that
this one we can create on this side is
this trolley with chest here says what
we need and finally the block of
mineral that we want to multiply in this
case is a diamond block in what
this cliché consists of the objective is
push what this wagon is being
with chest and that inside the chest
contains the block that you think we want
multiply will come what in what
it's been the rails and before
transport to what has been the
underworld I'm going to get into what is the
menu of the trolley I'm going to check out what
it's been the diamond block
I'm going to be left with this blockade that's going to
be created or be making the fault
in the system I'm going to press what
it's been x I'm going to decorations and
I'm going to disintegrate it to have 9
diamonds
On the other hand, this car will be in
the underworld with the original block or
whatever we are going to be trying to
search is to remove this this block before
from teleportation or transport
what is being the underworld is a
cliché not so hard you have to grab a
little practice at the beginning if
it costs but later as what
it will be easy and good for us
goes the demonstration so that they see that
Really follow this click to me if it came out if
I get it out so do not despair and good
let's see how we get this super
glitch
I repeat the objective more than
nothing is pushing the trolley before
is transported to the underworld
I'm going to take out the content that in this
case the block I'm going to press what
it's been x I'm going to decorations and
I'm going to say to see what the block is
of diamond to have the 9
diamonds separately and what comes
being this wagon with the complete block
is going to be in the underworld I'm going to
I'll break it and I'll do it again
the glitch to have more diamonds I'm going to
remove this in fact I can also
remove the peak because that does not
I need to push very
carefully what has been the the
chest
in fact there we are going to wait for
advance a little open the menu and I'll
try there is I kept what I
the diamond block has been
so to say this is the desired block
here the important thing is that you should
to press what they are being x
apart I'm in survival mode even if it's
in peaceful but I'm in survival mode
our creative in i'm going to press the
button x I'm going to decorations and I'm going to
disintegrate what are being the 9
diamonds in this case come see I already have
the 9 diamonds I also have the
night division to see a little bit already
I have 9 diamonds now I just need to go to
underworld to see what's west there
the trolley with the chest and apart the
diamond block we want to follow
multiplying see the time that there is of
night division
so they can see that there is no way out or is
modified the video and there it is still ok
we have the same time and we will see
what does the mantel block still contain
original view
so to speak gentlemen this cliché of
19 is real atheist I'm telling you is as
youtuber that I am did not try to cheat
no one actually liked the structure
but hey let's go to mediapart I'm alone
it's worth it
chatel this mother let's break this
I want my block see I have the 9
disintegrating diamonds and from this side
we have what is being the block
original diamond
I will treat gentlemen I will try to
do again what is being the
cliché in this case if it works for me not
it always comes out to me just like I'm
grabbing the wave but you do not know
despair let's create what's coming
being this
by sucking while I'm going to leave
these 9 diamonds here
let's put what is being this
this trolley with chest we are going to put what
what is this original being like
they saw the goal is to push what
It is the the wagon with a chest
before you are treated before you
teleports what is being the
underworld I'm going to take out the block and what
I'm going to disintegrate so, gentlemen, I wish
let me come out again so they can see that
if it actually works if the
balance nothing else is thing to grab him
the wave
but well let's see if we can
push carefully
there it is already we push it I come from this
side I open the menu I will try to
remove it before it teleports
here I already have what is being the
milk block I'm going to press x me
I go to decorations and I'm going to
disintegrate
and here I already have 9 diamonds know which
is the problem has in fact taken another
formula
here I already have 9 diamonds made
I also have them from here we have
18 diamonds only need to verify
go to the underworld to see if
It does this cliché or is it
It's a bit complicated at first but
After that they will be able to do it
easy way
you can see that here is the other cube
which is the original diamond block and
Well, good sir, we're going to
remove here is the original block and
that's what material we can
get easily is the portal is a
trolley and a chest but good gentlemen
this glitch works I tell you
they demand or do not try to cheat them and we go
gentlemen leave it and subscribe separate more
videos like this take care of us
we see later goodbye go here is the
original and here are the glitches as well
Take care gentlemen